Add Composite Power Law Creepfor multiphases (#28388)
idaholab/moose: modules/solid_mechanics/doc/content/source/materials/CompositePowerLawCreepStressUpdate.md

# Power Law Creep Stress Update

!syntax description /Materials/CompositePowerLawCreepStressUpdate

## Description

!include modules/solid_mechanics/common/supplementalRadialReturnStressUpdate.md

Similar to [PowerLawCreepStressUpdate](/PowerLawCreepStressUpdate.md), with the addition of multiple phases, increment of inelastic strain is computed from the creep rate in this class.

\begin{equation}
  \label{eq:power_law_creep}
  \dot{\epsilon} = \sum_{i=1}^N h_i \left(A_i \left( \sigma^{trial}_{effective} - 3 G \Delta p \right)^n_i exp \left( \frac{-Q_i}{RT} \right)\right) \left(t - t_o \right)^m
\end{equation}

where subscript i denotes phase specific material property, $h$ is weighting function to interpolate different phases, $A_i$ is the power law creep coefficient, also known as Dorn's Constant, $\sigma^{trial}_{effective}$ is the scalar von Mises trial stress, $G$ is
the isotropic shear modulus, $Q$ is the activation energy, $R$ is the universal
gas constant, $T$ is the temperature, $t$ and $t_o$ are the current and initial
times, respectively, and $n$ and $m$ are exponent values.

> 

Reviewer: I'd like to see an example added here, for perhaps a two phase system. The analytical solution to a two-phase problem would be nice here (and could be an additional regression test problem)

# Composite Power Law Creep Stress Update

!syntax description /Materials/CompositePowerLawCreepStressUpdate

## Description

!include modules/solid_mechanics/common/supplementalRadialReturnStressUpdate.md

!include source/materials/PowerLawCreepStressUpdate.md

The increment of inelastic strain is computed from the creep rate in this class.

\begin{equation}
  \label{eq:composite_power_law_creep}
  \dot{\epsilon} = \sum_{i=1}^N h_i \left[ A_i \left( \sigma^{trial}_{effective} - 3 G \Delta p \right)^{n_i} \exp \left( \frac{-Q_i}{RT} \right) \right] \left(t - t_o \right)^m
\end{equation}

> where subscript $i$ denotes phase specific material property, $h$ is material properties to interpolate different phases, $A_i$ is the power law creep coefficient, also known as Dorn's Constant, $\sigma^{trial}_{effective}$ is the scalar von Mises trial stress, $G$ is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where subscript $i$ denotes phase specific material property, $h_i$ is the phase interpolation function, $A_i$ is the power law creep coefficient, also known as Dorn's Constant, $\sigma^{trial}_{effective}$ is the scalar von Mises trial stress, $G$ is
```

the isotropic shear modulus, $Q$ is the activation energy, $R$ is the universal
gas constant, $T$ is the temperature, $t$ and $t_o$ are the current and initial
times, respectively, and $n$ and $m$ are exponent values.

This class calculates an effective trial stress, an effective creep strain rate
increment and the derivative of the creep strain rate, and an effective scalar
inelastic strain increment based on different contributions from different phases; these values are passed to the
[ADRadialReturnStressUpdate](/ADRadialReturnStressUpdate.md) to compute the radial
return stress increment. This isotropic plasticity class also computes the
plastic strain as a stateful material property.

This class is based on the implicit integration algorithm in
[!cite](dunne2005introduction) pg. 146 - 149.

`CompositePowerLawCreepStressUpdate` must be run in conjunction with an inelastic
strain return mapping stress calculator such as
[ADComputeMultipleInelasticStress](ADComputeMultipleInelasticStress.md)

## Example Input File Syntax

> !listing modules/combined/test/tests/power_law_creep/composite_power_law_creep.i block=Materials/power_law_creep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!listing modules/solid_mechanics/test/tests/power_law_creep/composite_power_law_creep.i block=Materials/power_law_creep
```
